|                          | **Names/Ids**       |
|-------------------------:|:--------------------|
| *Project Name:*          |*LED embient smart lighting system for displays*          |
| *Meeting Date:*          |*14.09.2020*           |
| *Present Team members:*  |*•Jasper van Amerongen*|
|                          |*•Ilya Averchenko*     |
|                          |*•Alexandru Matcov*    |
|                          |*•Albina Shynkar*      |
|                          |*•Lola Solovyeva*      |
|                          |*•Bugra Veysel Yıldız* |
| *Team ID:*               |*22*                   |
| *Scrum  Master:*         |*Jasper van Amerongen* |
| *Scrum  Mentor:*         |*Andrew Heath*         |
 
## Meeting questions

**Example questions: What did you finish yesterday?, What will you do today?, Any obstacles?   Answers: Yesterday: ..., Today: ..., Obstacle (if any)?**

| **Team Members' Name (Student ID)**   | **Meeting Questions**          | **Response**                                    |
|---------------------------------------|--------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------|
| *Ilya Averchenko*                     |*What did you finish yesterday?*|*Read project manual,got more familiar with*     |
|                                       |                                |*raspbery pi*                                    |
|                                       |*What will you do today?*       |*Think about project ideas*                      |
|                                       |*Any obstacles?*                |*No*                                             |
| *Alexandru Matcov*                    |*What did you finish yesterday?*|*During last week i set up gitlab,*              |
|                                       |                                |*explored about raspbery pi and project manual*  |
|                                       |*What will you do today?*       |*Think about project ideas*                      |
|                                       |*Any obstacles?*                |*No*                                             |
| *Albina Shynkar*                      |*What did you finish yesterday?*|*Read project manual, prepared for resit mainly* |
|                                       |*What will you do today?*       |*Think about project ideas, do meeting report*   |
|                                       |*Any obstacles?*                |*So far so good*                                 |
| *Lola Solovyeva*                      |*What did you finish yesterday?*|*Read project manual, explored raspbery pi*      |
|                                       |*What will you do today?*       |*Think about project ideas*                      |
|                                       |*Any obstacles?*                |*So far so good*                                 |
| *Bugra Veysel Yıldız*                 |*What did you finish yesterday?*|*Explored about raspbery pi and project manual*  |
|                                       |*What will you do today?*       |*Think about project ideas*                      |
|                                       |*Any obstacles?*                |*No*                                             |
| *Jasper van Amerongen*                |*What did you finish yesterday?*|*Read project manual,got more familiar with*     |
|                                       |                                |*raspbery pi*                                    |
|                                       |*What will you do today?*       |*Think about project ideas*                      |
|                                       |*Any obstacles?*                |*No*                                             |


## Short overview:

 # This was our first proper team meeting after the formation of the team. 
 # Since today we are getting started with the project and therefore have to be 
 ### familiar with the project manual, all upcoming deadlines and things we have to
 ### finish for successful passing, which are mentioned there.
 ### Also, we have to think about the type of application for the project to start 
 ### implementing it as soon as possible and be ready with that till September 18, 
 ### 17:00 (deadline)
 ### Therefore, a group meeting was planned on Wednesday at 20:00 to discuss ideas 
 ### for the project and pick the best one. 
 ### GitLab repository and jira were discussed and should set up for the project 
 ### matters as soon as possible.
 ### Stand-up meeting reports were also discussed, namely whether they should be 
 ### done after every meeting or not and where they should be uploaded.
